897 owl imports (#976)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/897-owl-imports.md

### Minor Updates

> - In `gistPrefixDeclarations`, `gistSubClassAssertions`, and `gistValidationAnnotationsUpdated`, the statements importing gist now import a versioned IRI. Also, they all have versioned IRIs of their own. Issue [#897](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/897).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed gist import in `gistPrefixDeclarations`, `gistSubClassAssertions`, and `gistValidationAnnotations` to use a versioned IRI, and add version IRIs of their own. Issue [#897](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/897).
```
